0. Decision Process - Hadoop/MapReduce

Let's assume you have an active community site, similar to the Udacity forum, 
where users can post different information. You want to obtain some statistics 
about user behavior. 

Is it a good idea to use MapReduce/Hadoop to process the data? 
Consider how each of the 3Vs of Big Data would affect this decision process. 

My answer: 

The 3V's are volume, variety, and velocity. Based on volume, we cannot assume how 
many people will use the site but anyone could use it. In that case, the data 
could be large. In terms of variety, people can post different information and 
the data can be used for different purposes. In terms of velocity, anyone can 
post anytime. In conclusion, it is a good idea to use MapReduce/Hadoop to process 
the data. However, if the activity community site was set to private, then using 
MapReduce/Hadoop may not be necessary. 

1. Students and Posting Time on Forums
In this exercise your task is to find for each student what is the hour during which the 
student has posted the most posts. Output from reducers should be:

author_id    hour
For example:

13431511    13
54525254141 21

If there is a tie: there are multiple hours during which a student has posted a maximum 
number of posts, please print the student-hour pairs on separate lines. The order in which 
these lines appear in your output does not matter.

2. We are interested to see if there is a correlation between the length of a post and the length of answers.

Write a MapReduce program that would process the forum_node data and output the length of the post 
and the average answer (just answer, not comment) length for each post. You will have to decide how 
to write both the mapper and the reducer to get the required result.

- the fields to use are: body, node_type, id, parent_id

3. Write a MapReduce program that would output Top 10 tags, ordered by the number of questions they appear in.
* only use tags in questions

4. We might want to help students form study groups. But first we want to see if there are already 
students on forums that communicate a lot between themselves. 

As the first step for this analysis we have been tasked with writing a mapreduce program that for each 
forum thread (that is a question node with all it's answers and comments) would give us a list of students 
that have posted there - either asked the question, answered a question or added a comment. 


































